I want to start by hooking up this show where we're putting some kind of went listeners so that we can
actually trigger something if we click the button for this I need to fetch my button from the well dorm
through so that I can interact with that.
No I could do all that in my app chest file but that too would not really be that modular so it would
create a new file which I will name elements dot chess.
No.
Or you have to delete that aliments one to be precise here of course name it whatever you like.
And here I went to fetch my elements two elements with which I will work for this module and I want
to export those.
I will store them in constants using the Conte's keyword and export them to be able to use in other
files.
Now which elements HCM elements do I want to fetch and well make available to my application.
Let's look at the next time I'll fall.
I certainly need this search button here because I want to be able to handle the click event.
Now here I can't just use a very select virtual select selected with the button tags since this is the
only button I got on my page here I also of course need to fetch my input field here.
And I also could use decrease electret fetch the only input on this page would work but all use Corrie's
lecturer to fetch it by ID.
I also need to loading text to conditionally height or show ID and the same is true for this weather
day of year.
So for this whole block with Lebert information and then I also need the city name dweller description
and the weather temperature because I need to set the text of all those elements.
So I'll start by fetching the button and the input field here in the elements chust file.
Therefore I use the export keyword to make it available outside of default.
You just going to Sumant a little bit more so that hopefully everything is clearly readable and then
icons key word and then I'll get an uppercase name Chester to follow this convention of naming Constans
uppercase Elliman Serge
.
And as I said I'll use the query selector queries selector
unselected by Putnam Of course I'll just make this a little bit smaller here so that we can see the
code better.
And I'll also export my Alamo and search city.
So this input field also with the queries selector and here as I said I'll use these city ID which does
out element has as you can see here to select it.
Also you could of course use the input field as mentioned before.
So that Erde each You kind of use or input related elements I want to get next.
Also export de Allaman loading text to this loading text element that I want to conditionally hide or
show.
And here also use a query selector and I'll use the load ID which does aliment has if you solve that
it has to load the vector box and fetch next we'll have to wait.
I have never ending the virtual items of which I need to set the tax that which I will therefore also
need also have ideaspace which will fetch them.
So I'm just going to copy the loading text element here.
The next one will be my let's say weather
box you're all selected by the weather ID and then I have my weather or city name here which can be
found in the ID.
But now that I think of it I could also use number way.
I could also just use my palm and Babbar box and then the first element child because in my web reports
this part here.
Well actually the first element child is exactly the city name which I'm retrieving right now.
So no need to use to Chris Lechter even though you could of course do that.
Instead I'll use the first element child.
And of course therefore I can also fetch the temperature with the last element child Meffert right.
Cause a property because it is to last at about a child in the overall Benvar box here.
So therefore for Dad I'm also using my work box just copying.
It's written correctly.
And then of course the last element shop though I also need the Weber description here and I'll go fetch
it with a query selector again.
Of course there are tons of our ways to get there.
Q But you choose whatever you like.
Oh well you should also be Weber preacher.
And here I'll have blubber corruption and I will again use my query selector fetch it with the beverage
description ID which is either of course has.
As you can see here.
So I hope I don't have any typos here that I'm fetching all the elements I will need for up by application
.
So that's of course the very first important step.
And with that let's continue in the next lecture.